README.md, before:

# movement-gallery

This is Movement Gallery Blog, a practice website displaying a user's blog where, for a year, they posted art pieces they enjoyed from different movements.
Each month focused on a specific art movement that they enjoyed, and every week, they highlighted a new artist.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

References:

-https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36754334/fitting-portrait-and-landscape-images-in-a-full-screen-image-carousel

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

January (Impressionism)
Week 1 - Pierre-Auguste Renoir
    -https://www.nationalgallery.org.uk/artists/pierre-auguste-renoir
    -https://www.wikiart.org/en/pierre-auguste-renoir

Week 2 - Claude Monet
    -https://www.wikiart.org/en/claude-monet
    -https://www.nationalgallery.org.uk/artists/claude-monet

Week 3 - Berthe Morisot
    -https://nmwa.org/art/artists/berthe-morisot/
    -https://www.wikiart.org/en/berthe-morisot

Week 4 - Mary Cassatt
    -https://nmwa.org/art/artists/mary-cassatt/

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

February (Surrealism)
Week 1 - Yves Tanguy

Week 2 - Frida Kahlo

Week 3 - Valentine Hugo

Week 4 - Salvador Dali

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

March (Cubism)
Week 1 - Marie Laurencin

Week 2 - Juan Gris

Week 3 - Marc Chagall

Week 4 - Georges Braque

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

April (Cubo-Futurism)
Week 1 - Olga Rozanova

Week 2 - Lyubov Popova 

Week 3 - Natalia Goncharova

Week 4 - Alexander Bogomazov

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

May (Abstract Expressionism)
Week 1 - Lee Krasner

Week 2 - Wassily Kandinsky

Week 3 - Grace Hartigan

Week 4 - Helen Frankenthaler

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

June (Art Nouveau)
Week 1 - Gerda Wegener

Week 2 - Alphonse Mucha

Week 3 - Margaret MacDonald Mackintosh

Week 4 - Frances MacDonald

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

August (Neo-Expressionism)
Week 1 - 

Week 2 - 

Week 3 - 

Week 4 - 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

September (Modern)
Week 1 - 

Week 2 - 

Week 3 - 

Week 4 - 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

October (Shin-hanga)
Week 1 - 

Week 2 - 

Week 3 - 

Week 4 -

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

November (Romanticism)
Week 1 - Henriëtte Ronner-Knip

Week 2 - Caspar David Friedrich

Week 3 - John Constable

Week 4 - Ivan Aivazovsky

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

December (Contemporary)
Week 1 - 

Week 2 - 

Week 3 - 

Week 4 - 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Added Varo and Miro, edited README

README.md, after:

# movement-gallery

This is Movement Gallery Blog, a practice website displaying a user's blog where, for a year, they post art pieces they enjoy from different art movements.
Each month focuses on a specific art movement that they enjoy, and every week, they highlight a new artist.

I thought this would be a fun practice project to expand my understanding of art history while making a website, and I am excited by some of the new artists I have found but also disappointed that so many names are new to me. This has been very meaningful and fun so far and has inspired me to keep up my visual arts practice.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

References:

-https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36754334/fitting-portrait-and-landscape-images-in-a-full-screen-image-carousel
-https://docs.moodle.org/402/en/HTML_entities

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

January (Impressionism)
Week 1 - Pierre-Auguste Renoir
    -https://www.nationalgallery.org.uk/artists/pierre-auguste-renoir
    -https://www.wikiart.org/en/pierre-auguste-renoir

Week 2 - Claude Monet
    -https://www.wikiart.org/en/claude-monet
    -https://www.nationalgallery.org.uk/artists/claude-monet

Week 3 - Berthe Morisot
    -https://nmwa.org/art/artists/berthe-morisot/
    -https://www.wikiart.org/en/berthe-morisot

Week 4 - Mary Cassatt
    -https://nmwa.org/art/artists/mary-cassatt/
    -https://www.wikiart.org/en/mary-cassatt

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

February (Surrealism)
Week 1 - Remedios Varo
    -https://nmwa.org/art/artists/remedios-varo/
    -https://www.wikiart.org/en/remedios-varo

Week 2 - Joan Mir&#243;
    -https://www.wikiart.org/en/joan-miro

Week 3 - Salvador Dali

Week 4 - Leonara Carrington

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

March (Cubism)
Week 1 - Marie Laurencin

Week 2 - Juan Gris

Week 3 - Marc Chagall

Week 4 - Georges Braque

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

April (Cubo-Futurism)
Week 1 - Olga Rozanova

Week 2 - Lyubov Popova 

Week 3 - Natalia Goncharova

Week 4 - Alexander Bogomazov

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

May (Abstract Expressionism)
Week 1 - Lee Krasner

Week 2 - Wassily Kandinsky

Week 3 - Grace Hartigan

Week 4 - Helen Frankenthaler

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

June (Art Nouveau)
Week 1 - Gerda Wegener

Week 2 - Alphonse Mucha

Week 3 - Margaret MacDonald Mackintosh

Week 4 - Frances MacDonald

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

August (Neo-Expressionism)
Week 1 - 

Week 2 - 

Week 3 - 

Week 4 - 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

September (Modern)
Week 1 - 

Week 2 - 

Week 3 - 

Week 4 - 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

October (Shin-hanga)
Week 1 - 

Week 2 - 

Week 3 - 

Week 4 -

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

November (Romanticism)
Week 1 - Henriëtte Ronner-Knip

Week 2 - Caspar David Friedrich

Week 3 - John Constable

Week 4 - Ivan Aivazovsky

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

December (Contemporary)
Week 1 - 

Week 2 - 

Week 3 - 

Week 4 - 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
